Video ID: 5Giy0s4b30Y
Title: Keke Palmer is Healing Her Pain Through Music, Humor, and Parenthood
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5Giy0s4b30Y
Downloaded: 2025-11-02 00:02:24
--------------------------------------------------

And I've been seeing all the girls come.
I'm like, "No, no, no. That's my guy."
You said, "Hold up. I need to be on my
guy's couch, on my guy's chair, kicking
it as a house guest." Let's go. All over
the place. And so I'm just like, "Oh,
hey. This I'm so strange." New York.
Yes. Somebody did that. Pissed in the
pool. Did they have bad vows? Since
we're here, it's time to do what needs
to be done. This goes out to all my baby
mas.
What's up neighbors? Y'all is the link
up you all have been asking for. Today's
house guest is Kiki Palmer. Now, she's
been a barrier breaker online, on
Broadway, in TV, and in film. She's a
mother. She's a New York Times
bestselling author and she's a recording
artist set to release her new album,
Just Heeki. And I bet she's the kind of
house guest that likes to get right into
it. So, let's get into it. Oh, but wait,
stick around for the game cuz we've got
a giveaway that could help you get away.
Ooh, we chop baby. I know it ain't. You
know it's your girl.
On any given day, how many times do you
say it? I mean, you got to say all day.
people do it to me then I'll be like
they were like I know it ain't I know
and I'll be like you know it's your girl
but I give you a variation. I'll try not
to do it the same way every time, you
know.
Did you have any idea though when when
when Megan walked up on that platform
that this would be something you from
years from now you would be referring
to? I had no idea with any of the like
catchphrases, you know, you know it's
your girl and sorry to this man, any of
those things. I I never know. It's the
audience, the fans, they're like, "Girl,
we love that." And so I just keep
giving, you know, I ham it up. But I
never know. I'm just being me in that
moment. Kiki, when you, Siza, and Issa
Ray were sitting on that couch and you
said that's I slave him. To see Siza go,
"Oh no." Oh my gosh. I've been saying so
much stuff and I'm being real and I'm
like, "Was that crazy that I said that?"
Because I know that it didn't seem
crazy, right? It didn't seem crazy. It
seemed like y'all know, you know what I
mean? Especially being around people
that you really talk to. Kick it. Like
y'all know I ain't lying. You know I
ain't lying. Well, welcome to the
backyard. Welcome to the house. I'm so
glad to have you. Been talking about
this for a while. I know. And I've been
seeing all the girls coming. I'm like,
"No, no, that's my guy." You said, "Hold
up. I need to be on my guy's couch, on
my guy's chair, kicking it as a house
guest. Let's go." So, we got some
breakfast on the way. Um, what I love
about you is that you said, "You know
what? We going to make time." That's
right. So, you are literally about to
head to set. Are you about to Are you
filming BBS or I'm filming BBS? Yes. I'm
so excited. You know, I didn't even see
the I don't know if you've saw the
original BBS with Tom Hanks. I never saw
it before. And so this is like a total
different vibe of it. It's with Brian
Graaser, second McFarland. Um and so
yeah, I'm excited to to do the show for
people to see the vibe of this,
especially fans of the original. Yeah.
But yeah, I you know, came here, be
there afterwards. You know, I got to be
on on call. Listen, I what I appreciate
is you say, you know, but before we get
to set, we going to go ahead and push
through. Yes. You know what I'm saying?
Okay. So, I'm going to have uh uh a
mimosa. Well, go ahead and make me one.
I'll maybe sip on something. You know, a
little sip on something. You know, you
know, I want to hear the pop on camera.
You know what I mean? I love that. I
don't know how to pop those things. I
feel like I'm I'mma hurt somebody. You
just Come on now. You a mama. You a
mother.
Mother. Take two.
Wow, that was actually really perfect.
It was so controlled. It was very Yeah,
very
What do people do when they make it go
up? Did they just shake it before? You
shake it before. Or if it's or if it's
been chilled too fast. Yeah, it will. Or
if it's not cold enough. It's a lot of
science going on. It's a lot of a lot of
variables. This is See, this is why I
don't do it. Exactly. I'm like, now wait
a minute. Okay. With some fresh orange
juice. You can actually see the orange
in the juice. So, you know that's I
know. It looks so healthy. Such an
organic, healthy orange juice. Cheers,
Bookie Boo. Cheers, boo.
M. You know what? I'm going to make it
specific. I'm going to drink to this new
album. Just Kiki. People are loving it.
People are going to be I think even even
more people are going to be emboldened
by it. Oh my god. I feel like What do
you What do you feel like this this time
in your life, this music, where is this
living for you? Well, it's all about to
me like fragmentation and integration.
Okay. Especially having started
performing so long, I think that
performance aspect of myself has always
been so much of my survival instinct.
You know, it it existed from love and
grown where I grew up. My parents a
reflection of their love and joy for the
arts. But then as time goes on, it's
kind of like who am I behind this? You
know, and where's that side of me that
has to kind of stay silent because of
whatever room I might be in where
they're not ready for that weight. And
so now at this age, you know, and and
the evolution of who I am as an artist
is about blending those worlds. I'm both
of those people. I'm the Kiki you see in
front of the camera, but I'm also the
person behind the scenes that's been
orchestrating the whole thing. And I'm
clear on who I am as a performer. You
know, I'm not I'm not the puppet. I'm
the puppet master. And so it's about
integrating me. I got you. You know what
I mean? That's what this whole It's been
something that I've arrived at. Like I
would love to say that it was like me in
the bag being like, and this is when
we'll come, but no, I arrived at it. a
lot of uh tough, beautiful, and amazing
experiences. My my son being the center
of it. I'm going to tell you that little
baby, he's everything. I'm just telling
I know that it's like what every mom
says and it's like, "Yes, of course."
But it is an experience that cannot be
explained the way that it impacts you. I
remember my best friend was like, "Did
you cry?" You know, when I said, "No, I
just looked at him and said, "I'm so
happy to meet you." When I was laying in
that bed and I had my I remember just
looking at him. I was just Why do I feel
like you said it exactly like that? So
happy to meet you. I was a son. I've
been waiting on you. I'm so happy to
meet you because I really I was so happy
to meet him to meet this this person
that I created that I love so much
before I even knew. Yeah. And it's just
it's changed me forever for the better.
It's beautiful. We're going to play a
little game. Oh, I love games. Okay. Uh
faux paw or naw. Oo faux paw n faux paw
faux paw or naw. Whenever you're ready.
You ready? I'm so ready. I love games.
Boo. running your partner's text through
chat GPT before applying.
Yeah, I'm going to say I'm going to say
or Google Google check out Gemini.
Gemini is on point. Get into Gemini. You
know what I'm saying? Because I just
feel like let me make sure I'm not I'm
not out of pocket. Yeah. You know what I
mean? Honestly, I need someone that is
going to be observant of who I am in
this moment like without a dog in the
fight and who knows me and is totally
objective. Exactly. before I delete the
message and then I've got to teach it
again what the prompt is.
Declining to switch seats on a flight so
someone else can sit with their partner.
No, you got to you got to accept it
unless you're sitting by your partner.
Like you need to give people a chance. I
think you what
did I buy that seat? Oh my god. Did I
buy you want to sit by your want to let
them be next to their partner? You want
do you should have you want to sit in
this seat? You should have bought this
seat. One time me and my best friend
pretended we were lovers. We were like,
"This is my wife." Me and my wife
sitting next to each other. They were
like, "This is my wife." We were like,
"Oh shit."
We couldn't believe it. We tried to get
two wives. We were like, "This is my
wife." And they were like, "This is my
wife. This is my wife." I'm like,
"Fuck." Yeah. Exactly. Also, I bought
this ticket. You know what I'm saying?
This is $75. Usually will move. But
honestly, I'll be honest. I'm usually
the person that is asking somebody to
move. I don't know why that happened.
Oh, no wonder why you was on. You know,
no, that's that's you got to go with
that one. You got to go. All clear now.
Uh-huh. Standing in the seated section
at a concert and blocking the view for
folks behind you. Now, I just went to
the cowboy Carter and there were seats
in our section. That's two paychecks in
order to get that seat. Now, we that we
going to be standing the whole show. I'm
not missing nothing. Yeah, I'm standing.
I'm so sorry. Stand up. Stand up on your
seat if you've got to because honey, I'm
not standing down. You would be better
to ask me to move to the left or the
right than to sit down. But also ask me
nothing cuz I can't hear. I'm paying
attention to Beyonce. I'm up here. I'm
up here. And that's where you should be
too. Okay. Heated. Heated. Come on,
Virgo's group. Cowboy Carter is the one
right now. So, hello. Ah, the food is
here. Oh, bring it in. Bring it in. The
food is here. Thank you, Boogie Boo.
Now, I know you love a egg sitch. I do
love eggs. Also, are you on a are you
doing like a keto thing? Are you like
what's what's where you at right now
when it comes to I haven't actually been
eating any meat. That's been the main
thing. No meat. I haven't been eating no
meat. No meat. No fish, no beans. Not
vegan cuz I mean eggs, you know, I'll do
a little cheese every now and then, but
no no meat. I don't know what happened.
I mean, I think it was just me having so
much meat. I kept on eating a bunch of
A5 Wagu and I was like, "No more meat
for now." I don't know if I'll come back
to it, but I think I like overdid it for
myself. You said you had too much what?
A5. You know what I said? You had too
much wagu. You know what I said? You got
to You got to You know, they only they
only make that in one farm in Tokyo. You
know what I mean? Just outside of Tokyo.
A five W. Excuse me. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. Oh, options. I know. That's
right. We got the acai. We got the
yogurt. We got a little How do you say
it? The acai. Did I say it right? No, I
think you did. I think
good job. Cuz you know, for years I was
like
Jainci. Okay. Last week I was calling
Lee Lowe's. People thought I was going
to the harbor. Now, here tell you
something. Let me tell you something
about Lowe's. Okay, cuz it was literally
not until this Met Gala that I realized
I was like, "Well, they said they
wearing Lee. How do you spell Lee?" They
were like, "Lew E." I was like, "This
one off of Lowe's. That's Lowe's. It's
Lowe's, baby. That's Lowe's." And I was
like, "Lo, Lowe's, Lowe's." Sergio was
like, "Loue, Louis." I said, "Oh shit."
Meanwhile, I'm like, "I'm going to the
hardware store. Where is the V?"
Exactly. That's what I'm saying. Lue.
They turned a W into a V. What is that?
I guess that's fashion. That's fashion.
Fashion does become an accent. When I
was doing fashion week recently, I was
watching this clip with my friend where
somebody was interviewing me in one of
the fashion shows. I think I don't know
which show I was at. I wish I could
remember to give a shout out. Oh,
Brandon Maxwell. Boom. I was at his show
and somebody was talking to me. I was
like, you know, exactly. I love
everything. You know, when you see the
cuts and the designs and I was like, why
did I become fashion and dialect? See
the cuts and the designs. The designs
and the way that it just sits on the
body really aspirational. And I'm like,
Kiki, I'm done with me. Really? It's
aspirational. You're nuts. Shut up.
You're fashion then becomes a
personality. Yeah, it's too much. It's
my identity. Yeah, it's just my identity
is fashion. Just some eggs for you.
Thank you, boo. Oh, Earl is out. What
up, Earl? Who's Earl? The rooster. Well,
somebody already got a farm. Well, you
know, we live out in the boondocks. My
bestie. Shout out to Parks. She has a
farm and she's been telling me to get
one. She has her own chickens. Just get
a farm. I know it does sound crazy,
right? But she actually Listen, girl. I
got me a farm the other day. Girl, you
better come down here and get you one of
these. What a chicken salad. It's so
true though. She got that farm baby. And
I'm like impressed. She got her own
eggs. You know, eggs now are the price
of a Lee
jacket. Lee better hire me the way I'm
dropping. You hear me? I need to stop. I
ain't got no money for it. Just learn
how to say it. Okay. Just learn just
learn how to talk to y'all. Really
bringing your kid to your friend's adult
only birthday party without I hate that.
Absolutely no. The baby's at home. The
baby's at home at home. My friend, one
of my home girls used to do this all the
time. And I said, "We're at Harriets.
Another baby. We're at Harriet. Another
baby on the rooftop. Mama, we're at
Harriets. Take her home. I love her
down, but this is not the place." In the
in the corner just dozing off, just
sleeping. Come on. And I love kids,
guys. I love kids. Everybody know that.
But they need to be at the kids town.
Yeah. They don't need to be at the adult
town. No, that's right. You know, not on
the rooftop. Not on the rooftop. The
bottomless drinking. I want the baby see
me drink. Talk about see me drop it low
outside of the barbecue. You know, she
barbecue. Hello. Doing only what your
job description says. No more, no less.
No, no, no. I'm doing more. I'm doing
more than what my job description say.
That's a faux f. That's a faux paw,
baby. Because look, I get it. Sometimes
it's easier to play it safe cuz then
nobody asks you for stuff. But if you're
doing a job that is going to a
trajectory of where you want, you know,
like if it's like a stop on the
trajectory, then you got to show up cuz
if you want more, you got to do more.
That's it. Before you get it. I know
that sounds crazy, but it's true. But
it's true. Tried and true. Matter of
fact, it's worked for me. Hello. Period.
Boo. Touch and agree. Filming a customer
service worker midconlict. You know,
when you put people walking to the table
and you're like, "Well, ma'am, I just
want to know." Well, bam. And I got you
on camera. It's a little weird. You know
what I'm saying? I get it because some
people do need to get caught on camera,
but it's like guys, come on. What she
say? Out of my face. Out of my you on
candy camera now. It's like and it also
takes away from when there can really be
an impact with the filming. Correct. So,
it's like I think we got to be just a
little bit more careful, a little more
gatekeepy with the filming. You know,
film the things that really need to be
filmed, not you and home girl going back
and forth cuz you had a bad morning.
Like that could stay at home cuz you
looking for a box. Cuz you looking for,
you know, or viral. You're looking for a
virality moment. Stop with the virality.
Get your food and go home. You know what
I mean? Cuss the [ __ ] out and move on.
Someone just cuss out in private. We
don't have to see it. And don't have to
see it. Also, if you wasn't that good at
cussing in the first place, a not good
cuss out filming is
such Why did we see this? What' you say?
You're so tired. You're so tired, mama.
Hack it up. Hack it up. Putting your
close friend on blast online to get
outside opinions on your
drama. It's always a cuz we don't even
know them in the, you know what I mean?
You got to be careful. Also, like if you
need everybody else's input on your
drama, maybe we already doing it wrong.
You know what I mean? We already doing
it wrong. It's kind of like it's like
everybody doesn't know the details.
Everybody need to know the details. So,
maybe that's a therapy sitch. You know
what I'm saying? That's how you know.
It's like you ain't got no journal. Get
into your Misha bag. Hello. Get into
your Misha bag. Dear journal. Not
posting pictures with your long-term
partner on social media.
Not doing it. Yeah. I'm gonna say
I'm good with that. I'm good with that.
It's your business, babes. It's your
business. I I just feel like it's faux.
No, it's not a faux paw. Do do what you
feel. If you decide you want to change
it up, change it up. If you don't,
whatever. I think it's it's what you
make it. Agreed. Also, like not
everybody, you know, some people need to
hide their boo.
Well, when you sometimes when you show
your boo, people tell you about your
boo. Things you didn't even know. Things
you didn't know. And you like, damn. You
learn it's not really your boo. My boo
is Magic Mike.
The Shannon Tatum movie. We not even
getting no check. I had no idea. Mhm.
Commenting on a stranger's appearance
online.
This is my thing
online. I ain't got no problem with the
opinions. Say that [ __ ] to the friend
beside you. Hello. Everything doesn't
need to be under somebody's comment
where you know they're going to see like
what like the fact that in stone the
fact that the etiquette of what happens
in real life is not translated online
kills me cuz you would never walk up to
me and be like I don't even like this
outfit. So why are you doing it on my
page? Like it's like whatever reason
people see your face. That's crazy. Like
just send it just share it to your
friend and say no. That's what I do.
Share it to my friends. I share it to
Sergio North. No. All I put is N. Oo.
No. You know hated it. I turned into
ways and old boy and and living color.
Two snaps in a circle and a kid. Stop.
Can't touch this. You know, talk [ __ ] in
private. I think we need to bring that
back. Bring that back. Normalize that.
Normalize that. Just say it to your
friend or your mom and move on and keep
it moving. You don't need to comment
that. Put it on Put it on somebody's
comment section. This is mean spirited.
I feel like this is I feel like this
we've gotten really close to home with
some of these. And I feel like uh I
don't really know how to take this. I'm
excited. This happened the last time you
was here. Peeing in the pool or in the
ocean, even though others are close by.
No good and damn well you can't do that.
You shouldn't. Somebody did that. Pissed
in the pool. Did they have bad bows?
Like did they have you know what I'm
saying? They have problems holding it.
Is this person older? No, they were not
an older. But here's the thing. That
pool has a has a enzyme that when it
interacts with urine, no, that [ __ ]
lights up. So guess what? Yeah,
[ __ ] You thought she was slick.
Go ask me for some money. Go ask that
[ __ ] for some money. Scott. Yeah. Yeah.
You're setting people up for
humiliation. Ever. Ever. What happened
with that friend? What happened with
that friend? The last time they've been
back. Last time they've been back. That
is You like to be pissy in the pool.
Yeah. I'm going to show you in my phone.
Their name is now pissy in the pool. And
what did they say? What What can they
say? They lightening up green all around
them. What can they say? Pissy, get the
hell out the pool. That is so
humiliating. You let me get the hose on
you, too. Oh my gosh, that is so crazy.
Yeah, don't play with me. Yeah, chill.
Take me. Take me but one time. Who the
[ __ ] is this?
That's crazy. Crazy. Oh my gosh. Poor
them. Mhm. Leaving your trash on the
table at a fast food spot instead of
throwing away. That's a faux paw. Just
throw it up. I mean, you're already out
the door. Ph. Just pick it up, throw it
out. You know what I'm saying? Like
here's what I will say. I probably do it
a lot. I'm sure it happens. You know
what I'm saying? I'm not perfect, but if
I'm like, unless I'm rushing it, oh, and
or sometimes people come over and they
be like, we'll get it. And so you might,
but if I feel like, yeah, pick it up,
take it out. You know what I mean?
Especially if you pass the trash can on
the way out and you know the spot where
you need to pick it up and take it out.
You know that spot in the food court in
the mall. You know, ain't no ain't no
servers here.
Do you remember when bourbon chicken
really popped at the mall? Wait a
minute. Bourbon chicken. You remember
bourbon chicken? Did Did y'all have that
out here? Bourbon chicken? I didn't have
that. No. Uh-uh. Slapped. I mean, we got
Popeyes, right? You know what I mean?
That's my main one when I'm thinking
about chicken like in terms of a
franchise, right? But you know what I
love? Like in terms of a franchise? In
terms of a franchise. You know what I
did love is over here in LA is Louisiana
fried chicken. Okay. Now, here's what
I'm going to tell you. I thought that
was Popeye's. No. Turns out it's not.
It's not. It's like a mom and pop that's
franchise though. You know what else is
good is um Crowns fried chicken in New
York. Crowns. You know Crowns. You know
Crowns.
That Crown Fried Chicken hits. What I
love is that you heard it. You heard.
You know Crowns.
It got to the point where I was eating
that every day. You know what I mean? I
was eating it every day because honey, I
was eating that chicken. So, do you you
are someone who hyperfixate the same
thing every day. Really? Yeah. For at
least a good week. Like right now, I'm
on to the jam eggs. Oh, yeah. A jam egg.
Jam egg. It's literally taken over my
whole algorithm. It has. Everything I
look at is jammy eggs. Jam egg. Jimmy
egg on toast. Jimmy egg on rice. Jam
egg. Just jammy egg.
I'm changing you. I'm changing. My phone
is egg. I got pissy in the pool. You put
it in boiling water for 7 minutes. You
take it out. Put it in the ice bath like
the cool kids are doing with the ice
plunge. You put it in the ice bath for
three minutes. You take it out. You put
in a little jar. A little soy sauce, a
little tamarind, a little bit of rice
vinegar, a little bit of chili, ginger,
maybe a little bit of garlic. You put
all the eggs up in there overnight. You
wake up in the morning, crack it open
over some rice. Oh yeah. That's a Jimmy
egg for your ass. It's good.
Oh yeah. Oh yeah. It's good. Let her
cook. Okay. Now cook. Wait, can you
cook? I mean, I can cook a mean jam egg.
I can cook. Let me tell you what I cook.
I can cook great breakfast. Okay. Great
with a pancake. Great with like eggs,
bacon, all that kind of stuff. Are you a
crispy pancake or a fluffy pancake? You
know, I used to be fluffy, but I'm
crispy. Cuz what are we doing? You know,
give me a crunch. I need texture.
Texture. I need texture. I'm so glad you
said that. I love stews. I love stews,
soups, chilies. Yesterday, my dad made
me a good chili. Oh my gosh. But you
know, I just hate it so much with beans.
All the gas.
All the gas. It takes you out every
time. All the gas. All the gas. All the
gas. It's a mess. The beans in a truly
though is it it's a sloppy joe without
the beans. I mean, if I'm being if I'm
being quite honest, just a sloppy. It's
just a sloppy joe without the beans. You
have to have gas. The only beans that
doesn't overdo it with the gas are
lentils. They don't get as much love in
the bean world. Yeah, but you're not
putting a lentil in a It's like at that
point, who are you? When it's Yeah. This
is goop. This is no longer chili. This
is goop. Love her down though. Yeah, of
course. She's gotten me through a lot.
Okay. I just laugh at you. I can talk to
you for hours. Literally right back at
you. It's kind of like um meeting a twin
flame. Do you know what I'm saying? Like
when we met years ago, I was like, "Oh
my god." I would be so happy when I
would see you because you don't always
have that much fun talking to people on
the carpet or doing interview. Whenever
I would see you, I would like, "Oh, this
is going to be good." cuz you know how
to lead it all and do all the the things
that they need, but then it's real. It's
fun. It's not. So, you know,
you've been fortunate enough, but you've
also been determined enough to do so
many things in your career. I think
about Broadway. I think about morning
television. I think about uh live
television. I think about uh acting in
movies, but television shows. You also
have albums and tours and all kind
podcasts, books, literally every aspect
of the media industry you have been able
to participate in and not just dabble in
it but be highly largely successful
password any host. Oh my goodness. Like
I just I is there something that there
is still left to do? I don't know. Maybe
go to space uh that you haven't done.
What are they doing up there? Um twins
maybe. I don't know what would I would
love to have twins. You know, my mom's a
twin, my dad's a twin, and they have
twins. Like, I have twin siblings.
That's so crazy. It's crazy. Maybe twins
are on the rising. No, to answer your
question, not not your spirit. Uh-uh.
It's like I would love it, but then it's
the physicality of it all of it all.
Having that baby, two of them. Oh my
gosh. Gosh, you're going to get
stretched, baby. Anyway, I think for me
it would be just like enjoying more of
that space behind the scenes, like
really digging deep more into directing,
more writing, still being a part of that
narrative aspect of myself, but being
more behind the scenes. And then, you
know, business, like for me, for so
long, my business has been me just
solely as the product, but it is at this
stage with Kiki Palmer Company, it's all
about, you know, being a holdings
company. What are the businesses
underneath the main business? Yeah. I
mean, I think about KTV like, you know
what I what you're doing there. It's
like, oh my gosh. Yes. Is being able to
to give life and voice life and resource
to other voices. Exactly. For me with
KTV, that came right after Nope. And I
was like, well, I've kind of felt like I
closed the circle loop of, you know,
starting out as a child entertainer to
now being an adult and having this big
moment. And so now, how do I take that
and turn it into something tangible
outside of myself? I think that's always
the thing. Like as a kid, it used to
scare me a lot. Like something happens
to me, then what does my family have?
you know, what what what am I leaving
behind that somebody can actually still
eat off of? And that's what this is
about. This era is is is the launching
pad for me to leave something behind so
that my son can be just like Estee
Lauder sons. Okay. Estee Lauder sons run
her company, honey. She's no longer
here. Rest in peace. But her baby boys,
they done did a lot. Okay. And so that's
what I want for Leo. What? And the
twins. And the twins. And the twins.
Y'all, you're going to get me twins. And
then we I'm going to be sitting back up
here at house guest like this.
See what you done. See what you done to
me. I will manifest this over my life.
Like, what you going to say at my
funeral now that you done killed me?
Can we talk about this album? Oh my
gosh. Yes. I'm so happy that you had
time to listen to it and get into it.
Boo. Time to listen to it. That gives me
life. No, no, no, no, no. I have not
stopped listening to it. Oh my gosh.
Yes. I have not stopped listening to it.
You got real personal on this album. You
talked about things we've never heard
you actually say out loud. What was the
hardest song for you to hear back once
the album was done? So, I'm gonna go
ahead and just pour my little mimosa. We
can And can I use the bathroom in this
in between time? Okay. Somebody have
eyes on Kiki cuz she's going to try to
leave. Hilarious. No, I literally pee
really quickly and I know exactly like
Oh, Key is like, "Oh, no. No. I'm going
to go to the restroom. I'll be
[Music]
It is honestly so insanely gorgeous out
here, Scott. Like, it's a good one,
right? I need to sleep at your house.
I'm going to sleep over after this.
Anytime. It's an oasis. That's the
spin-off of House
Guest. Yes. Wait, is out? No, not yet.
Oh my gosh. You need to have me on
YouTube, too. Yes. Would it be fun? Cuz
I can't wait to see Scott at night. This
is Scott at Grun, right? Scott at night.
Like, what are we getting into? Are we
like talking about movies? We're getting
into it. That's what we're doing. We do
have a couple spin-offs planned. Um,
sleepover at House Party. Oh my gosh.
Excellent. Excellent. Oh my gosh. The
marketing incredible. Genius brand. Like
no brainer, right? Insane. I'm ready.
Come on. All of them. You already know.
Save a seat for me. Shoot. You know it.
So, here we are, you know, by the pool.
We had to change the scene up a little
bit.
You You got really personal with this
album. And what's interesting to me is
that you didn't have to. You could have
kept this super commercial. You could
have kept this super like it's summer
time. Let's be out here. Let's dance.
Let's party. Let's have a good time. And
you decided to like process it. It feels
like through a really really tough time
in your life and a really public
struggle. Yeah. Also, what was for you
the hardest song to hear back once the
project was done?
So, the hardest song to to to hear back?
Well, I'll say two things. Like the
hardest song to get to recording is the
song that we end the album on, which is
Misunderstood. And the hardest thing I
ever had to do was call the truth. I was
hurting myself, trying not to hurt you,
baby. I tried to hide you from the
light. Cuz everybody loves the sun till
it burns you. That for me, baby, you
going to be singing that song. I'm going
to just tell you right now, for the rest
of your damn life. Oh my god. I'm going
to I'm going to I'm going to be honest
with you. I feel like that is going to
be one of your like when you're doing
the greatest hits when you're when you
got to when you got to do the medley cuz
it's it's 20 years from now it's still
going to be a song that you're singing.
I receive that because that was the
hardest song to get and that was the
first song we started with. Whoa. So I
remember walking in there I'm with
Taylor and I'll be honest a lot of times
people when they're working with artists
especially artists like me that have
such a big performative nature and it
started out so commercial for me. I
mean, from the time I was a kid,
immediately I came into the game, it was
like Disney, Nickelodeon, like front
page, right? And it's never been uh I'm
not trying to be honest or real, but you
have to have authentic life experiences.
And I came into the game at at a young
age before I really had I had all this
soul, but I didn't have a lot of story
to the soul. I just was kind of it was
all lineage and
epigenetic. My ancestors were slaves.
That's why I'm deep. But I had I didn't
have any Oh my god. You know what I'm
talking about. You know, it's like
that's just me. That's just what it is.
But I didn't have any life experience,
you know, to really back that up. And so
getting to this point for me, I think
what made it so special with Taylor is
what she has that makes her a great
writer, that makes her a great producer,
that makes her a great executive
producer of the album is that entry
point. There was no it's time to get
real. It was, "So, what happened?" Is
that where you all started? That's where
we started. She said, "So, catch me up,
sis. What happened?" You know, what do
you what do you want to talk about? And
first, it was like lightweight. You
know, I'm I'm I'm cuz I'm still in
process of what I experienced when you
experience something traumatic. Um, you
don't really know. So, it's not like you
don't want to say, you don't know what
to say to it, right? And so, we just
start talking and I remember we just
start getting into it and I before I
know it, I'm like crying and I'm like,
damn. Really? I was like, "Damn, I
didn't know that I really that this is
where you were with it." That's right. I
didn't know that this is really what I
was with it. And so, we have this
conversation. I'm talking about
everything that you hear and and
misunderstood and we sit down and we
start putting it together and and that's
what we come to. And so, I think it was
breaking that initial layer with myself
of facing those two truths that there
can be something so pure and something
so special, but also something that's
just so not right. Yeah. And that love
never should come from you denying
yourself. Right? And that's that first
lyric. You know, the hardest thing I
ever do was was call a truce. I was
hurting myself trying not to hurt you.
My truth if it hurts you, it doesn't it
shouldn't matter because it's my truth.
So that was the starting point of of
where how we entered the album and what
all that meant and how we got there. You
know, discussing the love that the
beginning of what created uh this this
situation and the foundation of, you
know, what created my son Leo. Yeah. To
where
it really was every time I listen to it,
every time I I sing it, I cry is Unless
it's you. Because as much as it's a love
song, it's also a farewell. You know,
it's a farewell
to what can never be that again. That
again, whatever it might be in the
future, it will never be the dream of
what that was. Because also what we find
out is that that that thing that it
almost was never actually even happened.
Exactly. Because that was the ideal.
That was the potential. That was the And
so when you have when you mourn that Oh
my gosh. You can never really return.
Mourning the reality that you have to
let go of what you were reaching for.
That was very very tough for me. It was
very very tough. I'm reaching. I'm
reaching. I'm reaching. And the person
that reached, she
died. There's no reaching. There's just
observing. And so I think that that
whole experience for me.
Yeah. That's that's that's what I became
from that. That I grew from it. You know
what I mean? It's not that whole thing
of like I grew up. It's not like that's
like no, I really grew. And I and I
could have not I could have said, "Hey,
look, let's be delusional. It's Kiki
Palmer baby and the girl and played it
all off, but it's like no." And a lot of
people do because it's scary because
also what's on the other side of that
the the the the magnitude of intensity
that it takes to go through an evolution
is hard. But one of the things that I've
always said since I was a little kid,
people would ask me in interviews, you
know, I be on Nickelodeon Disney, they'd
be like, "What's your biggest fear? What
scares you?" You know, they probably
thinking monsters on the bed. I said,
"Not growing. Not growing has always
been my biggest fear." Because even as a
kid, I didn't know what I was saying. I
can articulate it now. is that the idea
that I don't evolve from here that that
my trauma my story ends at my trauma my
hardship is where I just said I resigned
right that can't be the case I have to
get to the other side of that who do you
attribute this understanding to in your
life who who were examples of this for
you who who equipped you with some of
this knowhow this this awareness as a
young person because it's one thing to
say it as a kid in interviews because
it's the it feels like the right answer
for whatever reasons. It feels like the
right answer. It's another thing to have
it be the consistent and real return for
a person. Where did you get that from? I
love that you said return because that's
really what it is. It's like a
remembrance. I think
um there were a lot of inspirations that
I've had that you know when we look to
people and we admire people a lot of
times we project things onto them course
and I think I've observed my projections
and realize that that wasn't for them
that's for me. So, for instance, I might
see somebody that's an artist or a
singer or you know, it's like we think
about people that we admire, uh,
entertainers and oh, I want her to if
they could just get through and if they
had a chance and I realized, well,
actually, I was talking to myself.
Yourself cuz you've also had the benefit
though of not only meeting those people,
but working with them. Yes. A lot of
them. Do you know what I mean? And so,
you've also been able to see the human
beyond their persona. Yes. And see that
sometimes it doesn't always match up.
Yes. and to know that that ain't for
them to do, that's for you to do. And so
the story that I've always wanted to
tell, you know, that we're unraveling,
unfolding, um is the is one of triumph
is one of retribution of of pain if joy
after pain of contradiction and
realities with people that you can love
someone and not want to be with them or
you can love someone and have
boundaries. You that love can can exist
and there still have pain and you know
how to deal with that, you know, like
and you're choosing to actually deal
with it. Yes. Nuance like bringing the
nuance to things I think is always been
big for me, you know, from my
background, how I grew up, you know what
I mean? Dealing with how that looks like
in my faith. You know, I think learning
boundaries is a big thing when you come
from a Christian background, you know,
cuz it's like we forgive when we love.
And it's like, but that don't mean Yeah.
But that don't mean you got to deal with
everything. And so coming to terms with
what that looks like and, you know, how
I want to move forward and who I'm
becoming. It's been a lot of that. I'm
gonna say a word to
you. Perity.
Okay.
Perity.
Betrayal. Baby. Betrayal. And I joke
only because of the the moment on the
album where you take us back to Akquila
and the meaning the Latin word to be
pervous meaning this got me [ __ ] up.
Yeah. Yeah. Because that's what it was.
It's a it's a moment and I think we all
have been betrayed. I think for me it
was a betrayal of my relationship with
my audience. You understand? I protect
my relationship with my audience. Not
because I'm trying to be untruthful, but
because I care that I'm a black woman,
that I was the I was the first VP and I
was a little girl who said you could
spell. I care about that, right? I care
about that. That doesn't mean that I'm
not real. That means that I'm real about
what I'm going to serve you. And if it's
not servicing you, you don't need this
[ __ ] You don't need no [ __ ]
baby daddy story line from me. Exactly.
That's not what you deserve and neither
do I. It's also not what we're doing.
That's not what we're doing. It's not
what we're doing. And so was it a
blessing to you to see your fans come to
your side and say, "Ah, what we're not
going to do is this." Yes, it was. It
was so awesome to see that. Look, it's
not a problem to have a baby before
marriage. It's not a problem to be a
baby mama or be a baby daddy. The
problem is when you are not able to be
in the forefront of your story and
you're not able to reclaim your piece
because things didn't look the way you
wanted or didn't turn out the way you
assumed. Like life happens. And so I
think for me to know that the fans that
really know me and love me, they saw the
truth of me in that moment. It meant a
lot. Um and that I'm just living like
everybody else and that when it like
when it comes to my job, I would never I
would never put put that in there. But
now that it's out there, I've got to
deal with it and I got to learn how to
deal with it. I got to learn how because
so when you think about that time in
your life there in in my experience of
you, there had never been another moment
like that for you. And so you were
learning in real time, not only how to
process that for yourself and for your
for your family, but also how to
navigate this publicly. I mean, imagine
in a corporate scenario, you're at work
and your lover or your past lover or
whatever comes into your job and just
starts going off and now it's like, "Oh
[ __ ] everybody in office. Damn." Right.
Right. No. All right. Not today, Trish.
Okay. Yeah. Yeah. You're looking at me
like I'm crazy. And her man's driving
her car.
Jodyie. Jody. So, it's like it was one
of those situations where I know people
don't see my industry like that, but for
me, that's what it is. This is a job,
you know. It's a it's a public job, you
know, and I think a lot of people, even
the people involved, didn't realize
that. It's again with with the
misunderstood song. Everybody loves the
sun sun till it burns you, right? you
know, everybody thinks they want things
out there and for it to be, you know,
but I've been dealing with it for all my
life. I know the relationship, the
parasocial relationship that exists. So,
to me, certain personal things don't
belong in that space. Um, you know, but
I wasn't in control of that. You know,
when other people are in your life,
whether it be family, friends, or
lovers, they can decide to impede that
parasocial relationship if they so
choose or that boundary. And that
boundary and that's and that's betrayal.
Yeah. You know, yeah. The approach on
this album I really respect and
thoroughly enjoyed the journey of the
show, right? Just Kiki is the album, but
the journey of the show. I mean, the
references with in from every one of our
favorite shows, you know what I mean?
You got Insecure on there, you've got
Sex in the City on there. There was
Living Single on there, you know what I
mean? Stage Broadway aspects, Cabaret.
What was it like for you to bring those
parts of your experience, your talent to
life on the album? I mean, it's just
Kiki. And so, it's really about kind of
that hodgepodge of all these references,
the things that make me me. And then
also the brand of what Kiki Palmer is.
You know, when we open up that first
teaser of the of the album is this is
the just Kiki doll. And then just like a
doll, you go into her world. She's a
singer. She has a stage presence. She
has a life. She has all these things.
And then you meet them. And I really
wanted to take the audience on the
journey of both my performative aspects
and my personal aspect. So, this is the
album. There's a visual aspect as well.
Yes. Oh, yes. There's a full visual
aspect of the album. Absolutely. 11
videos. You've already get a what? 11
videos. So, this is your lemonade.
Yes. This is your lemonade.
I mean, if it's anything close, God
bless me cuz you know, Virgos, we we we
going to push it. Hello. You know, but I
really wanted to do the visuals because
for me it's like it's a movie. That's
Kiki Palmer. You know, Kiki Palmer,
she's a movie. You know, I do music, I
do acting, I do all these things. But as
an artist, I use all visual mediums.
Yeah. That's to me how I perform. I
mean, that's my life. That's how I
became a performer. That's what makes me
an artist is I perform emotions. I
perform what I'm going through. I I can
only show you, you know, to make you
feel it. How did you convince your mom
to jump on this album? Oh my god.
Sharon, what would Sharon say? Well,
Sharon, when she heard the music, she
was immediately
like, and that's your truth. You know,
Sharon, she was dramatic as hell. She
was just so dramatic. And she was like,
"And you and Taylor, y'all been knowing
each other since y'all was kids." And
this is what happens, Kiki, when you
walk in your path and you own it. I'm so
proud of you. That's Sharon. Sharon is
just like, you know, I think Sharon and
and I always say like me and my best
friend Norah, we always are like, we
just want to be the favorite niece. Like
that's our life is defined by us being
niece poos, right? And Sharon is
representative like she's my mom, but
she's representative of all those women.
And I think, you know, those generations
of women before us that always didn't
have the space to be full. And so when
they see us, you know, I get so many
comments of of you know, women my mom's
age, the auntie committee where they're
like, Kiki, we you know, and I know
they're encouraging me to live fully in
nuance to be uh you have that masculine
charm with a feminine tribute, you know,
be funny and serious, be sexy and chill,
you know, tell your truth and still
love, be soft and be strong. And so my
mom is that. She's always and my dad is
that. You know, I grew up with a father
that was like, have your own stuff,
right? Be who you are. Don't let anybody
change you. And that's why they
supported my career was so that I could
have that freedom. It's not lost on me
that the last time you were at this
house was a day before you left for
Vegas. Yeah. I know. Even accepting the
invitation to come back here. You know
what I mean? Yeah. I love you for it,
but I know you are sentimental enough.
Yeah. And I want to know how you how you
as all of the fullness of this woman,
how you are
reconciling the woman you want to be,
the mother you are. Yeah. With the
artist that needs to tell that has to
tell this truth. I'll be honest, that
album was very cathartic for me. Yeah.
The experience of knowing what I would
talk about afterwards, what I was going
to be putting into the visuals, the
things is that it would dredge up. We
talked about all that there. Yeah. You
know, my family was there. You know, I'm
talking about with Taylor. I'm rubbing
up against things or should I say that,
should I say this, and what is this? And
how do I feel? And still processing my
emotions during that process. And then
after the album. Um, and I think that
I've healed. Yeah. The whole process has
been healing for me. And so, I can see
it from a different vantage point that I
couldn't always. And even I have so much
more compassion for myself during that
time. And I think that's also something
that I want to any other women that's
dealing with that that's going through
their own version of this and still
discovering what choices they need to
make and not knowing all the answers.
It's okay. Yeah, it really is because
that's what life is. You know, I'm only
31 years old. I still, you know, pray to
God, got a got a whole bunch of more
life to live. A whole bunch. But I'm so
proud of myself for being able to look
at myself and see me still standing
there. Not someone that's hiding, not
someone that's afraid. Still someone
that has privacy in their personal
thoughts and feelings, right? I'm not
exploiting myself, but I'm also able to
say, "Yeah, this was something I went
through and this is this is how I got
through it." And it's already been made
public without your without your
permission. Anyway, you know, off
script.
Love that song. I mean, I love all this
off. Something heavy on my chest. Look,
come on. I've been sitting with it for a
while. You don't want to be in the dark
house and I don't want to be a [ __ ] on
trial. But here we are in court. But
here we are. Okay. And since we're here
And since we're here, it's time to do
what needs to be done. Law and order.
Have I not given everything? They tried
to kill my wife. No.
The visuals of the I think also help
people understand how humor gets me
through so much. Oh, I was going to say
that I think people feel like your humor
is a way of deflecting. Yeah. But it is
also I know your way of healing is your
way of drawing through drawing to you
know what I mean? It's like you pulling
yourself through that thing. That's
right. That's right. That's what my
humor always has been. Even when we
think about these moments of uh uh I I
mean I was at the Met Gala. It was very
hot, crazy with no nothing was going as
planned. I don't know. You know what I
is all over the place. And so I'm just
like, "Oh, I'm Hey,
hey, this is I'm grounding myself, you
know what I mean?" And it's and that's
how it always has been. It's look, every
I think artists have ticks. We have
things that make us who we are. And for
me, that's my thing. It's like I just
get silly. I just get weird. And it
brings balance and levity because life
is so serious. It can be so like and
when I put a joke, when I add levity, it
it it it grounds it. It brings you back
to like it's not that serious. Yeah.
Like girl, it's okay. Yeah. My brother
always says it's it's um it's not that
ser it's not that serious, but it is
that real. Now that's right. It's not
that serious. But it is real, but it
doesn't have to be like how you choose
to process it, how you choose to deal
with how you choose to narrate it. And
that's also like hopefully what people
see with album too, you know, from my
vantage point as an artist is like I am
the author of my life. Even when things
don't even when things go off script, I
just Okay, third act, right? Fourth act.
We're just continuing the story line
from that hiccup. Commercial break.
Commercial break. The sponsors are with
you. Hello. And then we're going to get
back and we're going and we're still
going to continue a very great heroic
story that's going to be a little funny.
It's going to have a still more love and
some sex, but it's going to be it's
going to have some heart. It's going to
connect. We're going to go through it.
Did you play any of this music for
Darius? Oh yeah, he heard it all. What
was his re reaction? You know, he he
loved it. Did he really? He loved the
album. He he was I mean, look, we're
both growing. Y you know, I can't get
into his head and know exactly what
we're, you know, how he's processing,
but I can tell over the course of what
we've experienced, you know, the whole
hiccup and obviously going through the
courts and things, you know, boundaries
being placed. Yeah. that always know my
dad used to tell me that all the time
you know any situation in my life with
with dating with he would say nothing
changes if nothing changes and so
interesting thing about is that when you
change and when you're not afraid to
give consequence to the people that you
love you know it's either they disappear
or they they rise to that boundary and
so you know I think for him it was like
yeah this is this is who I am now this
is not who I was then did my son changed
me you know and and and for the better
Mhm. Mhm. And this is who I am now. And
either you going to, you know,
acknowledge and respect that or not. And
so in the respecting of that, he was
like, I'm proud of you, you know. I'm
proud of you for saying what's on your
heart. Really? Yeah. Kiki, that is
incredible. It is. And we hope it stays
there, right? You know, cuz life is up
down. It grows forward. You know what I
mean? Because we're always going to be
family. Yeah. You know, and I believe
and this is something that was also huge
for me cuz it, you know, through the
upset, through the through the down,
through the human emotions of what I
wanted for me, this is my son's father,
you understand? And his esteem is built
on who his parents are and who he
believes them to be. And if he knows
that we're humans and we make mistakes,
but we have an opportunity to get up and
change and do something better tomorrow,
then he'll know that he can do the same.
And so we're
family, you know. That's how it's got to
be. Oh, we That's how it's got to be. A
mother. Come on. Nobody means more to me
than my son. Mother. Where did you get
his name from? Leotis. Oh my gosh. So
that was uh Darius actually made his
name. He wanted both our names, which is
so crazy. My My parents did the same. My
parents did that same [ __ ]
Chicago like come on. Uh,
[Applause]
Willie, daddy named Willie. I guess my
little sister's name is Lencia. My dad's
Lawrence. That's too much. My parents
email is Lauron. Larry and Sharon. Guys,
y'all got to stop. It's too much. You
said the email like email. It's Luran.
It's Larry and Sharon together. Lauron.
Lauron. Y'all were doing that shipping
[ __ ] back in ' 85. I need you to stop.
They was over there with the Vanessa and
remember when they used to do that back
in the day? Did you just Helina Lauron?
So yeah, that was him trying to put like
dairy us and Lauren like Lee owed us.
Like it was just too much. But I said,
"Hey, let's do it. Let's do it. It's
adorable. I was pregnant." You know,
anything. It's adorable. It's adorable.
It's us. Fabulous.
I turned it to Eddie. I love it. The
name is good. No. And then also it was
like a It sounded like a old name. Like
I'm so I'm so like right. So I was like,
it sounded like he was marching with
Martin. And there it does. It's like
Leotaas. That's what I thought. Hello.
He going to be on somebody's campaign.
Somebody, you know, I just want him to
be like Michael from Good Times. Now,
did you know
and that's why the cage bird sings? Yes,
son. Yes, son. Like literally, I was
soon as he was born, I'm like Martin
Luther King on the wall. See, I am the
son of a king. Poetry. Well, see, cuz I
was going to ask what would you do if he
wants to be an actor? Oh, absolutely. I
would be I would be and I can't wait. I
mean, it's a family business. It's a
family. I mean, the way brothers to me
are one of the most iconic families that
we've ever seen in this industry. The
way that Keenan has been able to usher
in shifted the industry. Truly, they are
one of my most my me and my family's
greatest inspiration. We just got all
them living colors on uh on Amazon DVD
child. Okay. So we got to live in color
baby and we watch it on the weekends and
get together as a family and that's what
we we we hope you know as we continue to
grow. My brother he's now going to
Groundlings. We went to a show he had
recently my sister she's trying to be on
the lawyer team. Come on. You know and
my older sister she does a inc she's a a
professor and she does incredible uh
critical theory pieces on art and film.
So you know we we for us it's about Yes.
360. Yes. Yes. And so if Leo you know
again he got to be like Estee Lauder
son. He got to take over the family
business, which means you got to get out
here and work. That's right. Whether
it's the community and the incubator
system with Key TV or it's creating the
movies with Big Boss Productions or the
touring. He going to find a role that
that part. Look, you going to you going
to find something to do up in here.
Okay. In this house, you know, we don't
play. Okay. Uh, speaking of don't play,
you really don't [ __ ] play. Okay.
Because I'm thinking about like your
your life even just in the last 12
months, right? So, Siza and Issa Ray,
right? Unreal experience to know that
that the movie went number one. What I
mean, what did that actually feel like
for you? It feels insane. And already
they want a number two.
Already they want a number. So, y'all
have come up with the Y and they want to
film it at the end of this year. What
are these people doing to me? Girl, we
want more. Nuts. That's nuts. Nuts.
What? Issa, I'm about to send you
something. Okay. I'm about to just Look,
I got to Come on. Literally, come on.
Exclusive. Come on. They they already
thought I was in it anyway. You need to
be in it. You know what I'm saying? I'm
just saying. I love Issa. From the
moment that she gave me the opportunity
to produce this with her, that was way
back when I did was doing GMA 3 with
Michael Straan and Sarah Haynes. That's
where it started. That's where it
started. We were working on it. Working
co happened. We were still working on
it. After that, working on it, working
on it. And then we got the opportunity
to collaborate with Sizzle on it. She
came in. We were all gagged. We were
like, "Yes, girl. We see it for us. The
studio saw it for us." And then the
world saw it for us. I mean, y'all got
hot Cheetos on people's cups. Okay. Like
hot Cheeto martinis bubbling. Bubbling.
Tastes good, though. Just
a Y'all got some gluten-free hot
Cheetos. Cheetos actually gluten-free.
Is that just naturally? They're
naturally gluten-free. Incredible.
I love how you slip right. Do you hear
me? The fact that you slip right in.
They're naturally glutenree.
Can I pitch you something? Oh, please.
You know, we've talked about this over
the years kind of sporadically in parts.
Would you be interested in doing a
summertime variety show? Yeah. Like it's
we we'd host it, right? But we would
bring like our friends and our family to
do skits, to do music performances. It
would be big. It would be for the summer
limited run, limited series, but a
variety nighttime variety show. Bigger,
better. would love seriously to do this.
Yes, for real. Absolutely. 1,000%. Okay.
Cuz I think I think we need I would love
to do it with you. Wouldn't it be so
much fun? It would be so much fun. You'd
have skits. There would be music.
There'd be an audience. It would be
something to uplift the folks. Exactly.
You know, and have fun and bring that,
you know, and have the culture in the
forefront of that. You feel me? I would
love to do that. Okay. And I already
know I could trust you cuz you on point
with your business. I know. We not
playing. Yes. We're not playing. We got
to do this. Would you accept this role?
I would. Yes, I'll accept this role.
Will you accept this role? You accept
this role. Yes, I'll accept this role.
Why did I do that again? Do you know
that was our show? That was Access
Hollywood. And after that, I got another
call back. That was like six call backs.
And then finally, they said, "We want to
um will you accept this role?" And I was
like, "Yes, I'll accept this role. Yes,
I'll accept this role. Are you kidding
me? I'll accept this role. Yes, I'll
accept this role." Yeah. Like I was at
Cheesecake Factory getting one of them
bread rolls. Them brown ones. Y'all know
what I'm talking about. The chocolate
seepest roll. Yes. African-American
roll. Septus roll. Yes. I'm serious. Let
me know and let's get started. Let's
done.
Oh yes. Mhm. You ready for a game? You
know I love games. Should we play a
game? Yes. Let's do it. Oh my god. I'm
so mad I got to go to my other job after
this. See, I just want to hang out with
you. Come on. You're the funnest. You
can look. You can tell them we you can
be late a little bit. Look, look.
Remember me mean girls. I'm sick.
I'm sick.
[Music]
All right, cakes. I'm so excited. He
key, are you ready to play a little
game? Yes. You know I am. Okay, so this
game we're calling quick quit it. Quick
quit it. Quick quit it. Okay, we're
playing. We're on the same team. We're
playing against the game. If we get more
points than we lose, we're giving some
away. We got a giveaway. Uhoh. I'm about
to die. I'm about to die. I'm about to
die. I'm about to die. I'm about to die.
Why would I say catch him guys? I'm not
Someone get him guys. Catch him guys is
crazy with to this side. Catch him guys.
That was crazy. Someone get him. Yeah,
someone. Not me. Mine is really stable.
Yeah.
So, we got 60 seconds after you spin.
So, if you land on singers, you pick up
the corresponding card and you sing the
clue, right? You're trying to get guess
the singer. The same with actors. You
want to give them a famous movie line
they might have to try to get the the
clue, you know, guessed. Are you ready?
I'm ready. Okay. So, I think you should
spin first. I'm so excited. Okay, here
we go.
[Music]
Singers. All right.
Shakira. Yes. I pan I couldn't think of
her name. Here we
go. What? Oh my gosh. What's this man's
name? Um song.
Uh my voice is low. Mary White
say I'm weird. I wait
[Applause]
video. I'm so strange. Bork. Yes.
I'm so strange. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
Re. Yes. That's three. Okay. So, we got
it. We got our point. Yay. Okay. That
was good. That was fun. You
said I said low. You said low. I can't
think of this man. What is this song? My
voice is love. The right song. I can't
think of that [ __ ] I can't afford the
license. Your love, babe. Yes. Can't get
enough of your love, babe. That was so
hard.
Now, what's food? Now, what the [ __ ] is
food? Yeah, that's why I'm like, what's
food? I would get this. You got to
pretend to be a plate of spaghetti.
Right. Uh, okay. It's a coffee. It's not
a cappuccino. It's not a latte. They
make them in Australia. Americana. Uh in
Australia. Yep. The if it's not your
tire goes your tire can go flat. It's a
flat white. Yes. Okay. Phew. Okay. Let's
see. That's scary. Okay. Um uh this it's
a hood favorite. You put it you have
them on your on your you have them on
your jeans and they the smooth. They're
caliente. Have them on your jeans and
they caliente. You have them on your
jeans and they caliente. Caliente.
Um or you put them in the microwave.
They got a little sleeve. They got ham
and cheese. Yes. Hot pocket. Yes. I
accept this roll. Okay. Uh this is
probably one of your favorites. I don't
know. Maybe. Um you It's It's not a
jammy one, but it's a It's Oh, it's a
boiled egg. It's a scrambled egg. It's a
devil egg. Yeah. Okay, that's three. We
got it. Oh my gosh. This is so fun. So,
these are our points. You know what I'm
saying? We're trying to fill up our
bucket. How many do we need? Nine. Nine.
We need We got We got to have nine. We
better get this [ __ ] going. Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah.
Oh, I'm so excited. that I love is
actress. Oh, actress. Let's go.
Yeah, we got a Ben and Snap. What?
You know, uh uh darling, you know. Oh,
Ben and Snab. Oh, uh um you know, uh is
it uh Jennifer [ __ ]
Oh [ __ ]
Moisha. And what were you doing late at
night? Oh, uh uh Shirley Ralph. Thank
you. Moisha. Yeah. Like what did she
say? Oh. Oh. Oh. Um. Oh. Um. Oh. Oh. Oh.
Um. Oh.
Um. Oh my gosh. Oh my gosh.
Oh, baby.
Oh. Uh. Jimmy Fox.
Wait, do you know this about you and
Jamie Fox? Do you know this? So, like
there's a there's a question that has
been asked to almost every person on
Earth. What two if you were stranded on
a on a a desert island? What two
entertainers are you bringing along with
you? And I hate to say I'm going to
snatch you from your real life, but you
and Jamie Fox got to come with me. Okay.
I know. Look, Leo, that is an honor.
Leo, listen. Cuz Jamie Fox, Grandma Shar
going to have to take care of cuz like
[ __ ] got to come with us. Okay, that
Jamie Fox standup show where he gets on
that piano. He's like, "Uh, Braden,
he's pretending to be doing the Brady
Bunch doing every single like what did
he do? Baby Face, Luther Van."
Yes. So good talent. I mean, he's the
best. I want both of y'all. Oh my gosh.
I'm there. I'm just going to say it. All
in. Hey,
I love this game so much. How the [ __ ] I
keep landing on food? Good thing I know
food. Okay, the worst kind of dessert.
They're here in LA and they're they're
salty and they're dry and it's um um
people like them, but they're not good
at all. Uh if it's if it's almost that
it's like a it's like what's what
happens at the bottom of a of a of a
dessert of a thing like a little ant
thing you're going to crackers. Yep. The
second Oh, no. No. Or a a Yep. But it's
a with the little cookie crumble. But
say it the other way. Crumble cookie.
Yes. Oh, I I don't nasty. Sorry. Sorry
to the brand. Sorry to the brand. Sorry
to that brand. Oh no. Oh. Oh my god. Why
would you put this in here? This is
trash. Uh they stink every Thanksgiving.
People make them shitless. Mhm.
Okay. Uh uh uh. You eat it at the
Japanese restaurant. It's not wagoo.
eat at a Japanese restaurant. Uh uhuh.
But it's the steak. But what's a what is
the [ __ ] Oh, they call it It's not
wagu. No, no, no. What is a [ __ ] It's
It's a kind of If I'mma go to the sushi.
Yeah, there we go. We did that.
Thank gosh. Time almost went out. I was
scared. So was I. You was like, "Damn,
[ __ ] Give me the shit."
Actress. All right. Here we go.
You a lie and you a cheat and I don't
want you. I don't want you. I don't want
you no more. I never hurt you, Katie. I
never do you wrong.
Angela Basset. Yes. When you did that
for Angela Basset, I was I know. She was
so When I did Joyful Noise, literally
Queen would have me do it like once a
week. I was ready. She was like, she's
the one. She's why y'all be getting it.
Oh, okay. Um Um
Give me a revo.
When you did that at the NAACP Awards, I
also love I had to give that to my
sister. Now, why did they edit in
Whitney and I think I don't know who it
was. They were like, "This was the
vibe."
Cuz it was it was beautiful. Oh my gosh,
I was so proud. And then and then at the
Essence Black Women in Hollywood, she
had when she got back on stage, she was
like, "No, I would I really want you to
know what that meant to me." To be able
to to to love on her and your moment of
love. It was everything. You know, we're
going to do one more. We going to do one
more. We got to stick together. Oh. Oh,
okay.
Now Jackie is back.
Uh, have y'all
voted today? I'm going to do a song for
you to make sure you go to those polls.
Jennifer [ __ ] Lewis.
Have you voted? You remember what she
was doing? She was singing the piano.
Democracy is what we need. I don't want
political
[ __ ] with me in these streets.
Literally. Literally. I put a ball in
for us. We're almost there.
Singers. Okay.
I didn't know we're allowed to pass.
Ah, when I was a little girl, I had a
rag doll. The only doll I ever
owned. And now I love you just the way I
love that rag doll. Yes. Only now my
love is grown. Yes, that was it. I love
your baby. Yeah. What is it? How she do
that? Yeah. Uh uh uh uh uh uh. Yeah,
that's it. You gave a difficult one. I
would have just Oh, no. Bush.
Oh, nutbush. She was in them
show. Okay, here we go. Um, uh, I uh I
float float float. I don't walk. I don't
dance. I just Oh, Janelle Monet. I love
that song. Float. Yes. Float. Float.
I think Taylor wrote that. See? Yeah.
Come on now. You didn't make it.
Damn. That's cuz we was having a good
time. Yeah, we was playing too much.
Damn. Whatever.
[Applause]
Singers. Here we are. Okay.
Oh my god.
Godfather. What?
James Brown.
Godfather. God.
I said, "Oh, I thought it was Jesus. He
died and went on the cross."
Godfather. I to be God's son. Jesus
would be God. Okay. I know you see me
watching you and I see you watching me.
I know your body's calling me.
Temptation is killing me. That's
Beyonce. I love that. That's the one you
went to. Right. I did something off the
top. I thought you was going to go to
the left. To the left. I was testing
you. Yeah. I passed. Yeah. Jello. Jello.
Okay. I see your picture on the
mirror when somebody call your name. You
know how I know. You know
who you
That's it. This goes out to all my baby
mama.
My baby mama.
Why did she do a bad lip on the B?
That is such a strange ad li. No, but
because it was in her spirit. Here we
go. I mean, baby mama, though. You got
to win this. One, two. I know. We're so
close. Don't go to food. Okay. Actors.
Okay. Here we go. This will be fun.
Say what again. Say what again? Say what
another [ __ ] time. And I Okay.
Okay. How about this? Uh, Gator, what
happened to the TV? Mama, I smoked the
TV. Okay. Uh, um. Uh, uh, uh. O. Um.
What the hell is this? Yep. Okay. So,
he's he's in he's in every movie. He's
most bankable actor. That's it.
Samuel Jackson. Um, uh, I She ready. She
ready. Yeah. Okay.
Uh I mean I just I'm dating Kylie Jenner
and
Okay. Yes. That's Woo. Yo impression
everything. I love I love dating. I was
trying to be hair, right? I just was
like what what would you do if you were
hair? I'd be like I d you know
viral moments. Viral moments. Watch them
all be
you. Uhoh. Uhoh.
Actually, that's not true. Ellen,
what exactly?
Oh, is that uh the the the girl from the
50
Shades? Uh-oh.
Keep my wife's name out your Oh, that's
Will Smith smacking Chris Rock. Yeah. At
the Oscars. Yep. Woo! What a night. What
a night.
Oh, we did it. We did it, Joe. Oh, Kla
Harris. Yes. Kla Harris after the win of
the presidency. Yes. Good. Kla Harris
winning the presidency. Here we go.
Three wish.
Were you silenced?
Or
were it? That was Oprah, though. Were
you silent? That was Were you silent?
Were you silent? Yeah. Were you silent?
Were you silent? Were you silenced? That
was deep. That was a good ass question.
Oprah got into her bag like this. Were
you silent or were you Were you
silenced? And she was like the ladder.
Ooh. And now she cooking that part at
her house. Well, not her house. Tyler's.
I'm kidding.
Slang. Slang. Let's get into it. Okay,
here we go.
We can do this. You're doing it right
now with your foot. What's your foot?
Your foot
is slang. What's your foot doing? Got my
foot in it. No. What's your foot doing?
What's it doing right now? It's being
bare. No, literally. What's it doing on
the flow? Put it on the floor. But it's
it's it's green. Put it on the grass.
Yeah. But like just
just [ __ ] it. What was that? Touch
grass. Oh, go outside and touch grass.
That's right. Yeah. Oh, strong. Or when
you when you have to own them. You You
own them. Own them. What do you do with
a muscle? You hit it.
You My god. What? Yes. Oh my god. That
was scary, boo. One more. Let's do Okay.
Um. Uh. Come on. We've got to get
through this. Oh, this is very regular.
It's not special. It's very like in the
middle. Cool. Chill vibing. It's very
like not great. It's not the worst. It's
It's all right. It's not Yep. Also also
known as mid. Mid. Oh my gosh. This is
super. I said wait. I said when you have
to own them. You said strong.
Strong.
Yeah. Let's see if Let's see. Let's see
how you do 4 + 4 is eight. Ooh. Yes.
Okay. When we be like it's like where we
going is about to be either
or and then my name is a part of it.
It's a key key but go the it's about to
be up lit. Keep it with Keep it with the
key. You said key lit key up. What's the
other word for up like when you smoking
weed? Ha. High key. Low key. Thank you.
High key low. Oh [ __ ] He went all
around. Okay. It's not boy science.
Okay. Girl math. Thank you. We made it.
We did it. We did it. Which means we
won, which means you won.
Oh my god. Kiki Palmer, this has been so
fun. So much so much fun.
Like,
I love you. I love you so much. I love
you. I had so much fun and I can't wait
till we be cutting up in the summer
time. Come on.
It's so good. This was a bomb. You're
the bomb. Come on. Look. Let's get you
to set. Come on. Shoot. Off to my other
job. Sham, Lee. Come on, Lee. It's so
great being in your house.
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]