Video ID: P_Dl0llNuNA
Title: Keke Palmer Replies To Fans Online Actually Me
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P_Dl0llNuNA
Downloaded: 2025-11-02 00:01:06
--------------------------------------------------

What's up, GQ? I'm Kiki Palmer, and
today I'm going undercover on the
internet.
[Music]
Oh, it's actually me.
[Music]
Instagram. Do you think Kiki would ever
compete on Love Island? If I wasn't
Kiki, I would absolutely be on Love
Island. I think it would be crazy if I
went on Love Island now. Like, girl,
what are you doing? But like, if I was
like in a different universe, I would be
somebody that auditioned for Love
Island. Absolutely. And I would be
trying to find love on the island. Well,
I would need to be an OG. I would need
to be an OG cuz in a bombshell, you kind
of up against a lot. You know what I
mean? If you're an OG, everybody kind of
has respect. It's like a promotion for
the movie Good Fortune that we have.
Keanu is Gabriel. Kiki, if you could
swap lives with any of your co-stars
like in the movie, who would it be? I
mean, Seth is really, really fun. I
think he's really like ambitious,
brilliant, funny. He also like knows how
to relax. Like, he's real with the earth
and I'm here for the weed. I'm
here for the, you know, just like micro
doing, whatever the vibes are. He has a
lovely, lovely wife, so I just feel like
he's got it together. You know what I'm
saying? He seems like he's got this life
thing down. Okay, this is a picture of
me doing the pea sign on the way to
Disneyland. Skin is giving glass. And it
says, "Great day at Disneyland. Whoever
stole my purse, enjoy the hex." Oh yeah,
I remember. I lost it, but found it like
an hour later. The comment says, "Wait,
now my cousin kicking into witchcraft or
she just saying it?" Let's just say you
don't want to find out.
Tik Tok. Okay, this is a video of me and
someone commented, "We need the story
time behind True Jackson VP, audition
geeks." So, people have been talking
about True Jackson VP, this new TV show
starring a little girl that would be on
Nickelodeon. My mom heard about it and
she was like, "I want Kiki to audition."
But Andy Gordon, the creator of the
show, was kind of like, I only know her
from Keel and the be like, "Is she
funny? Like, this is a multi-cam sitcom.
Like, does she have a sense of humor?
Because the only thing I know of her is
a drama." So, I was like, I mean, yeah,
I'm sure I could figure it out and I had
lunch with him. I remember sitting with
my mom talking to him and him getting to
know me. And then I think I did like one
reading for the show and then I got the
part. They let me write my own theme
song. True Jackson is the name. Flipping
it up when everybody does the same.
Dolce and Gavana got nothing on me.
Masked out is what everyone's going to
be. I do what I love and I love what I
do. Hope it sounds true when I'm talking
to you. I want to be Will Smith so bad
cuz girl, why does that just sound like
Fresh Prince? Kiki Palmer, this is the
Tik Tok. I'm like Night. I'm doing my
skin care routine. Somebody said, "Hi
girl. What do you recommend we ask our
healthcare providers/ dermatologist
health-wise for hormonal acne?"
Following up, someone said, "Can someone
list all the products that she use?" A
lot of this is roach pose that I use
like cleanser, melabe 3, the retinol
serum, their SPF, also their acne
solution. Like it's like a little thing
you can like a dot treatment. So that's
what some of the products at least that
I can see right there. Now what you
should ask your healthcare providers
that's a really good thing and I'm
really excited to get into it with you.
So I had to discover that I had insulin
resistance in my family and came in the
form of diabetes in my family, thyroid
problems in my family and I realized
that I have that that was like endocrine
issues like my hormones were out of
whack. Once I realized that it was a
medical issue, it was a health issue. I
said, "Okay, I got to do my esthetician
stuff. I got to eat my the proper foods,
like no triggers, but then I also got to
make sure that I'm if I need a
medication and I need something that's
going to assist in me, I got to find
that. And it changed my life. We're in a
like very weird place where it's like
everything's black or white,
everything's this or that. I got to be
holistic and then no medical. I got to
do medical and no holistic. And I think
if you do a combination of things, you
incorporate what you can from a doctor,
incorporate what you can from your
wellness center, you can find yourself
in a really good place. I'm rooting for
you.
This is a clip of my podcast. Somebody
said, "I really hope you get to do a
biopic about Angela Basset one day." I
would be honored. I love Angela Basset.
She played my mother before and Akquila
the Bee. She's absolutely incredible
person. She is an icon. The cool thing
is that she's a real actress. Not that
anybody's a fake actor cuz what does
that mean? But like what I mean is like
she's actually like Yale trained. She
has a particular training as an actor
with her background in theater and just
like she's done so many different
things. So, I would be excited to see
like what was it like for her in college
when she was studying Shakespeare or how
was it when she decided to enter film
and TV and what were her dreams for
herself and then getting nominated for
that Oscar for what's love got to do
with it so early on but then not winning
it. How did that change her career?
There's so much to her that we get a
chance to know if we got a chance to see
a biopic
Reddit. What are some of the weirdest
critiques of nope you've heard? I think
Jordan Peele in general because he's so
beloved especially with Get Out, people
like to overthink any of his movies
after that. It's kind of just like what
happens when you're a brilliant creator
is like people just become critical of
any one thing. So I think the the most
interesting thing is there there is
anything to critique. Do you think
anyone in the cast actually believes in
aliens? I wonder if Kiki Palmer believes
in aliens and UFOs. I don't know. I
could see her being into ghosts and
things like that. Yeah, you're right. I
believe in mostly anything. I mean
because why not? I'm only humans and
insects and animals. Really? That's all
that was made? You know, there's got to
be something else going on, but it's
probably like in the in between veil
that we can't see. Favorite character
voiced by Kiki Palmer. You're asking
Kiki Palmer? I would say maybe Peaches
from Ice Age. She was a lot of fun. I
like playing her. What would it take for
Kiki Palmer to return to Scream Queens
if it were revived? Not much. Good
script. I'm here for a reunion. I would
I would be so interested to see what
would be happening with Zday in this day
and age. If Kiki Bomber had a hot take,
what would it be? Caffeine is good for
you. I know a lot of people feel like,
"No, no, no. Caffeine. No, no, no.
Caffeine. Caffeine is good for you." As
long as you hydrate in between it, there
should be no problem. It's going to help
you stay up. Okay? And this is the big
one. It's going to help you. Boo boo.
You need it. You need that bowel
movement. And caffeine can do it. You
ain't got to have too much of it, but
just a little bit goes a long way. How
did Kiki Palmer react to becoming a New
York Times bestseller?
[Music]
Something like that. I was just very
grateful. Master of Me. Check out the
book if you haven't already. I think
it's a pretty good read. Now, on to
Kora. What's the most embarrassing thing
that Geeky Palmer has done? Look up the
pictures of me at ComicCon. Okay. Scream
Queens, Key Palmer, Comic-Con.
I look like a Mortal Kombat character.
Hair shaved all around. I have one
braid. One singular braid.
The fact that the girls never told me to
look in a mirror, they hated me
secretly. This is the thing going back.
I think the look was bold, you know? She
was fierce. She was bold. She was
unafraid. She was fresh.
Guys, it's crazy. But I do live for me
like having phases, having eras where I
went balls to the wall for whatever I
was doing. You know, I even had er where
I look like somebody's auntie. Whatever
look I was down for, I went full
throttle. But I'm going let y'all know
today, I'm never letting this copper go.
She's not leaving. Would Kiki Palmer
make a good princess? I mean, you didn't
see me play Cinderella on Broadway.
Rogers and Hammerstein. Come on now. I
need to do Broadway again. X. What
happened to Nikki and Kiki doing Sister
Act 3? I believe it's going to happen
someday, but you know, movies really
take a long time to get made. It took me
like six years to get one of them days
made, so it's kind of like a thing. Kiki
Palmer reaction to the popularity of her
sorry to this man meme is equally great.
After finding out who he is, I'm glad I
didn't know. Okay, someone has to tell
me the man in the pic that she's
referring to. Dick Cheney. Dick Cheney
was the guy. They asked me about him. I
didn't know him. That was that. Corbin
Blue and Kiki Palmer on the set of Jump
In 2007. I wonder if they still talk. I
don't talk to him that often, but Corbin
was really a sweetheart when we worked
together. I had a great time doing that
movie with him, but it's like, you know,
you work jobs. You go job to job to job
and sometimes you keep in touch and
sometimes you don't. But whenever you
see each other, it's like, remember when
we would be X, Y, and Z? It's so good to
see you. Always the vibe. Did Kiki
Palmer learn anything from JLo while
working on Hustlers? I learned a lot
from JLo. I mean, she really handles her
business and she's an incredible
multi-hyphenate across the board from
producing to uh singing, dancing,
entertaining, you know, she just
everything. She's a business woman and I
loved to watch her be in that and live
in that. And I like the fact that she
wasn't afraid to take charge telling
people what needs to be done of handling
things and being direct. And I think
that's important for anybody in
business, right? I always will love JLo.
She's been really good to me. Okay. I'm
curious how a Keel and the Be impacted
Kiki Palmer's career. It changed my
entire career. I think it's like the the
fire that keeps it burning. The heart of
it is that is that movie and the
opportunity I had to play such an
incredible character and what it made me
believe about myself and what I could
achieve. You know, Kiki and says were so
amazing and one of them days we get a
part two. You are. It's getting written
as we speak. I can't wait to read it.
YouTube
Virgo sun, Cancer rising, and
Sagittarius moon. I trust Kiki with my
life.
I'm honored and I would absolutely not
do anything to harm you. I do feel that
like the Virgo sun like right like I'm
trustworthy cuz I'm going to get it
done. I mean what I say. I say what I
mean. The Cancer rising. I love my
family. I believe in home. I believe in
values. You know I'm trying to do my
best. Okay. Sagittarius moon girl. Let's
get into the tea. I'mma have fun with
you. I'm not going to be too uptight.
That Virgo is getting wound down because
of that Sagittarius moon and that Cancer
rising is keeping that heart in check. I
feel like I'm good people. Thank you for
seeing me. How come they never mention
Rags? I love that movie. It's like
forgotten or something now. Maybe it
wasn't that big, but I don't even know.
I've never heard of her or anyone
mention it in interviews. I wonder why.
I love I love you so much. I hate you so
bad. They say I'm
forgot the words. Rags was a fun movie.
I feel like people bring it up to me a
lot, but maybe it's just not captured.
And you know, when it's not captured,
that means it never happened. Wikipedia
in an interview with Glamour in 2022,
Palmer said she prefers to go by Lauren
and said she would like to be called by
her given name more than anything. Yeah.
I mean, I think that was like a real
like truthful moment where, you know, I
mean, like I was just like, "Yeah, this
is the real deal." I really would like
if people called me Lauren. I think it'd
be awesome. So, yeah, that I feel like
this still stands. I'm not going to like
scream if you call me Kiki. Like that's
crazy. Palmer first sang in church and
performed at a stage show at a Chicago
tourist destination. In 2002, she
auditioned for a stage production of The
Lion King at age nine. So yeah, I did
first sing in church. I sang Jesus Loves
Me. My mom gave me my first solo. She's
always been giving out shots. And then I
performed at a stage tourist
destination. I'm not sure what they mean
by that, but I will tell you something
interesting. I did American Girl Theater
for a while. Crazy, right? I was Addie,
the slave that ran away. American Girls
a little hopefully it got more
characters, but you know, it's about
America, so I guess it lined up. I never
got to star in the show. I just prepared
for it, right? But I remember Addie was
on point. She was up there singing for
Freedom. I ain't mad at her. And I did
audition for stage production of Lion
King at age nine. That did in fact
happen. And they rued the day that they
didn't give me the job. Okay, that's it
from me. This is Kiki Palmer and I'm
signing off on the internet.